2022-09-16 (#171)
rustacean-station/rustacean-station.org: _episodes/interviews/2022-09-16-david-pedersen.md

---
title: "Axum with David Pedersen"

> date: 2022-09-16T15:45:00Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2022-09-16T15:10:00Z
```

file: https://audio.rustacean-station.org/file/rustacean-station/2022-09-16-david-pedersen.mp3
duration: "49:10"
length: "47202638"
#reddit: (leave blank on initial publish, amend with link and uncomment this line after Reddit thread has been posted)
---
Allen Wyma talks with [David Pedersen](https://twitter.com/davidpdrsn), Core Team Member at [Tokio](https://tokio.rs/). Allen and David talk about [Axum](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum), a web application framework written in Rust.

## Contributing to Rustacean Station

Rustacean Station is a community project; get in touch with us if you'd like to suggest an idea for an episode or offer your services as a host or audio editor!

- Twitter: [@rustaceanfm](https://twitter.com/rustaceanfm)
- Discord: [Rustacean Station](https://discord.gg/cHc3Gyc)
- Github: [@rustacean-station](https://github.com/rustacean-station/)
- Email: [hello@rustacean-station.org](mailto:hello@rustacean-station.org)

## Timestamps 
- [@0:40] - Introduction

> - [@1:13] - Why Axum needs a web framework underneath the Tokyo umbrella

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't make sense to me? Axum _is_ a web framework, it doesn't _need_ a web framework. Also, it's not underneath Tokio (note the spelling), but rather on top of it. Perhaps:

> Why develop Axum under the Tokio GitHub organization?

If that's accurate?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, sorry I missed the spelling on that one: But what I wanted to say was something like Why Axum is under Tokio?:

Whether we should say "github" org or not, I think that is arbitrary cause they can fork to their own org, but in general it is under the Tokio "brand"/umbrella.

Because of the above: I don't think Github org would suffice, but I'm open about how to say that.

> - [@1:13] - Why Axum needs a web framework underneath the Tokyo umbrella

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@1:13] - Why Axum is developed under the Tokio project umbrella
```

- [@5:58] - What to expect from Axum
- [@8:14] - Axum additional features
- [@9:40] - Why Tokio decided to roll their own web framework
- [@13:04] - Understanding Axum vs other web frameworks
- [@22:16] - Testing, reviews, and feedback of the Axum framework
- [@23:46] - Axum's production readiness
- [@28:57] - Semantic versioning
- [@31:59] - Understanding and learning lessons from other web frameworks to improve Axum
- [@34:47] - Production use cases that should use Axum
- [@35:54] - David's Rust experience vs other web frameworks
- [@40:25] - Clippy
- [@41:41] - Upcoming changes and roadmap for Axum

> - [@45:28] -  Parting thoughts and how to reach out to David

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [@45:28] - Parting thoughts and how to reach out to David
```
